# GS-shapers-survey-2016
Globals Shapers annual survey 2016 for Aruba

Survey

Questions of interest to Francielle:
59 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...-Young Generation-Locally60 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...-Young Generation-Globally61 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...-NGOs / Civil Society-Locally62 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...-NGOs / Civil Society-Globally63 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...-Private Sector-Locally64 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...-Private Sector-Globally65 Which stakeholders give you confidence that the above issues can be solved, locally and globally?...etc

139 To what extent does your country retain talented people?-Not at all -<br /> / the best and brightest leave<br /> / to pursue opportunities<br /> / abroad:To a great extent -<br /> / the best and brightest stay<br /> / and pursue opportunities<br /> / in the country140 Would you be willing to live outside your country of residence in order to advance your career?141 Please list your FIRST choice of a country you would like to live in order to further advance you...142 Please list your SECOND choice of a country you would like to live in order to further advance yo...143 Please list your THIRD choice of a country you would like to live in order to further advance you...

162 Do you agree with the following statements? As a young person, I can actively contribute to shapi...-Strongly disagree:Strongly agree163 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Opportunities in politics164 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Flatter hierarchies165 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Transparency in governance166 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Free media / social media167 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Fair and just system168 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Senior role models in society169 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Start-up ecosystem & entrepreneurship170 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Other171 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Globalisation / free markets172 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Access to internet173 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-Engagement with the government  (direct or online)174 What are the most important factors that contribute to youth empowerment in your country? (choose...-I don't know

223 What is, according to you, the most important contribution that businesses make to society? (choo...224 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Sense of purpose / social impact225 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Authenticity with employees226 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Pays taxes227 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Quality of the company's products228 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Qualifications of the leadership team229 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Ethical communication and reporting230 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Reputation in the media231 What makes you trust a company? (choose up to 3)-Other

232 To what extent do you agree with the following statement? In my country, government regulations f...-Not at all:To a great extent

265 In your country, which sector do you think would benefit the most from the adoption of  the lates...266 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-A founder's passion267 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-Tolerance for failure / risk taking268 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-Strong connection with the purpose269 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-Action learning programs (Hackathon)270 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-Flatter heirarchies271 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-Other272 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-In-house incubators / accelerators273 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-Encouragement for personal projects274 What contributes to an innovative culture in the workplace? (choose up to 3)-I don't know

301 In your country, how easy is it for new entrepreneurs to obtain funding?-Extremely difficult:Extremely easy

303 Do you agree with the following statement? Economic development is more important than environmen...-Strongly disagree:Strongly agree

309 Rate your level of interest in the following political issues. For each, please select how import...-Military310 Rate your level of interest in the following political issues. For each, please select how import...-Economy311 Rate your level of interest in the following political issues. For each, please select how import...-Social issues312 Rate your level of interest in the following political issues. For each, please select how import...-Immigration313 Rate your level of interest in the following political issues. For each, please select how import...-Environment

459 Do you agree with the following statement? Companies should be involved in addressing social prob...-Strongly disagree:Strongly agree460 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Annual reports461 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Media reports462 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Industry reports463 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Insider stories464 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Friends / network465 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-I don't know466 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Other467 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Online articles / commentary468 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-Sustainability / social responsibility reports469 How do you decide whether a company is responsible or not? (choose as many as applicable)-This is not important to me

482 When you learn that a company is doing something that you disagree with, what do you do?-Stop buying its products / services483 When you learn that a company is doing something that you disagree with, what do you do?-Join a protest movement484 When you learn that a company is doing something that you disagree with, what do you do?-Nothing / it does not change my behaviour485 When you learn that a company is doing something that you disagree with, what do you do?-Spread the word486 When you learn that a company is doing something that you disagree with, what do you do?-Contact the company487 When you learn that a company is doing something that you disagree with, what do you do?-Other

